Over the past several years, I developed a strong, versatile skill set in Machine Learning and data analysis.
My previous experience developing and implementing algorithms for classification and prediction will be a seamless integration at Faraday Future.
I previously built models to understand traffic propagation.
This work was used to predict the time for a vehicle to receive information on a traffic light change.
Traffic prediction requires a nuanced, hierarchical modelling framework to make this complex analysis feasible.
An ensemble of mathematical models are therefore vital for understanding the interplay of forces that control the emergence of traffic.
I am extensively trained in structuring data models to analyze complex problems, like traffic prediction, from my research in cancer genomics.
In my Master’s, I develop and explore the power of new computational and statistical approaches for identifying mutations in DNA that cause cancer.
Real-world problems are rarely analyzable by “out-of-the-box” Machine Learning techniques.
I am experienced modifying Machine Learning algorithms to more realistically mirror mechanisms of interest.
Predicting mutations that cause cancer requires the consideration of several factors that are orchestrated in a specific arrangement.
This problem is clearly very similar to traffic dynamics, especially in the consideration of the dependencies between weather, accidents, and rush hours.
The pioneering work at Faraday Future will require a versatile analyst to produce high quality work at project critical times.
My strongest skill is that I am not limited to a particular field of study.
For a given task, I am able to use a wide array of tools from Machine Learning, Bayesian data analysis, and high-performance computing.
My deep understanding of mathematics, statistics, and analytical experimental design, which I developed during my physics and bioinformatics training, will thus be a strong asset in this role.
My experience developing and implementing efficient algorithms can be seamlessly integrated into the team. I hope to contribute immediately to further the goals and growth of Faraday Future.
